Ami id updates, release notes (#796)
bitrise-io/stacks: content/changelogs/aws/aws-mac-virtualized.md

## Updates

### AMI version `2025W16-sequoia16`

> Added the initial version stable stack [macOS Sequoia with Xcode 16.3](../../stack_reports/aws/aws-mac-virtualized-sequoia16.md) with the following Xcode versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial version of the [macOS Sequoia-based stack](../../stack_reports/aws/aws-mac-virtualized-sequoia16.md) with the following Xcode versions:
```

- Xcode 16.3

#### AMIs by Region

- **us-east-1:** ami-0c8dd95a7dc4f47ea
- **us-east-2:** ami-07ad190b11a82ab79
- **us-west-2:** ami-06135a8d2e88b61ef
- **ca-central-1:** ami-0b739ab5a3c265725
- **eu-central-1:** ami-020747a087a34f2ad
- **eu-west-1:** ami-0c6dc68c85e983424
- **ap-southeast-1:** ami-0d763bc99b31fe9e5
- **ap-southeast-2:** ami-0094bd74a33c29db2

### AMI version `2025W14-sonoma16`

> Added the initial version stable stack [macOS Sonoma with Xcode 16.0-16.2](../../stack_reports/aws/aws-mac-virtualized-sonoma16.md) with the following Xcode versions:
> - Xcode 16.0
> - Xcode 16.1
> - Xcode 16.2

Reviewer: This is not an initial version but an update to a previous sonoma16 version. How about this:

```suggestion
This is an update of the previous version (`2024W47-sonoma16`) with the following Xcode versions:
- Xcode 16.0
- Xcode 16.1
- Xcode 16.2

For more details, see [the changelog of the Xcode 16.x stack](../../osx-xcode-16.0.x.md).
```
